---
layout: page
title: Official Competition Rules
# subtitle: 
---



*Please carefully and prudentially read and fully understand the Sign-up Agreement of Participants, especially those provisions marked in bold, before you (hereinafter referred to as “Participants”) click the sign-up button.*

**If you have any questions about this agreement, please inquire through the communication information published by the promoters of this SCUAI Challenge contest on the official website. The promoters will explain to you.**
**Please do not click the sign-up button if you disagree with any content hereof or cannot precisely understand any explanation made by the promoters on this agreement. Otherwise, your click shall be deemed that you have accepted and signed all provisions and contents hereof, and are willing to be bound by this agreement. The Participants may not assert that this agreement is void, or request that this agreement should be avoided, rescinded or terminated, for failing to read this agreement or to receive any reply from the promoters on any inquiry.**

## Sign-up Agreement of Participants
---

Whereas, the Participants are willing to participate the “AI Challenger Contest” (the “Contest”).

The parties reach the following sign-up agreement (the “Agreement”) according to the principles of equality, voluntariness and fairness in connection with relevant matters that the Participants participate the Contest.

### I. Representations and Warranties of Participants

The Participants represent and warrant to the Promoters as follows:

1. They will fill in their sign-up information according to the rules of the Contest, and the information filled in is true, valid and lawful. They own lawful, valid and complete copyright or title in any source codes, papers or other information or documents provided by them, which will not infringe any third party’s right. There is no issue or potential risk in their capacity that may prevent them from participating the Contest. The Promoters shall reserve the right to appoint any third party agency to investigate the above. If any information of the Participants is found untrue or illegal, the Participants accept that the Promoters may cancel, suspend or terminate their capacity for this Contest at any time, and reserve the right to hold the Participants legally liable therefor. If the Promoters or the Contest suffers any loss, the Participants shall compensate.
2. The Participants undertake to attend the Contest according to the agenda, schedule and rules of the Contest, and will not withdraw during the Contest without due cause. Otherwise, the Promoters shall have the right to cancel, suspend or terminate their capacity. If any Participant quit the Contest without due cause or act against the interest of the Contest or Promoters, the Promoters reserve the right to hold such Participate legally liable for such act.
3. The Participants agree and permit the Promoters to investigate, obtain and collect any information, data and documents relating to their identity, capacity for the Contest and sign-up information via the website challenger.ai and other online or offline means. The Participants agree that the Promoters are entitled to use such information and data globally, permanently and free of royalty, including incorporating such information in the inclusion and promotion of Participants in the screening contest, the advertising and promotion of the Contest, the statistics and recommendations of talents, and other matters relating to the Contest. If you want to know how the website will collect, use and process personal information, please refer to the Privacy Policies published by the website.
4. The Participants agree and permit the Promoters to obtain and collect the entries (including the source codes and papers etc. submitted). The participants further agree that the Promoters have the right to use the above entries, including incorporating such information in the inclusion and promotion of Participants in the screening contest, the business cooperation and development, the advertising and promotion of the Contest, the statistics and recommendations of talents, and other matters relating to the Contest.
5. The Participants agree and permit the Promoters to shoot and prepare relevant audios, videos and photos of the Participants at the sign-up and during the progress of the Contest, and undertake to cooperate with the Promoters. The copyright in such works shall be owned by the Promoters who may use such works based on their needs. The Participants agree not to make any claim against such shooting or works.
6. The Participants understand that as the Contest progresses, they may be required to sign or agree to new agreements or rules. They may refuse to sign and thus waive the right to be promoted and the qualification for the Contest, but may not challenge such new agreements or rules or make any claims or assertions of rights based thereon. Otherwise, the Promoters may choose other Participants to fill in the vacancy and qualification.
7. The Participants have carefully, seriously and prudentially read the rules of the Contest, and agree to comply with various rules and regulations made by the Promoters. The Participants shall respect and accept the decisions of the judging panel and the Promoters of the Contest.
8. The Participants understand and agree that the Promoters are not required or obligated to choose them to participate the Contest even they meet all requirements for application.
9. The Participants shall not provide or offer to provide any forms of remuneration to the Promoters or other partners or personnel of the Contest for purpose of obtaining any qualification for attending the Contest or for promotion or award, or otherwise give bribery to the Promoters or their personnel. The Participants undertake not to accept or agree to accept any forms of remuneration, or advertise any product or service during the Contest, or use any items intending to advertise or promote.
10. The Participants agree that the Promoters will include them in the talent pool. Part of the Participants selected by the Promoters will be entered into the green recruitment channel of the Promoters or will obtain the quota of internal recommendations of the Promoters. The Participants agree to give priority to the employment opportunity of the Promoters when seeking a job.
11. The Participants agree that the Promoters have the preference of investment in the projects conducted or to be conducted by part of the Participants selected by the Promoters. The Participants selected by the Promoters agree to cooperate with the Promotors to sign the Agreement on Preference of Investment prepared by the Promoters.
12. The Participants agree to obey the arrangement and management of the Promoters at the sign-up and during the process of the Contest. The Promoters have the right to cancel the qualification of any Participant who disobeys. Any loss thus caused shall be borne by relevant Participants.
13. The Participants undertake not to issue any adverse opinion to the Contest, the Promoters and their affiliates, personnel and the judging panel, or to publish or disclose any confidential information, business secret or other details of the Contest inappropriate for disclosure which are obtained by them during participation of the Contest in any place, to any media, or through any internet, community, forum, WeChat official accounts, WeChat Moments and other channels. In addition, the Participants undertake not to commit any action against the Contest or the Promoters. Otherwise, the Promoters have the right to cancel their capacities or awards, and the Participants shall compensate for all losses incurred by the Promoters and the Contest.
14. For the Participants who are winners of the prize (“Winners”) from mainland China, please provide bank accounts that are opened in mainland China. Winners from Hong Kong, Macao, Taiwan and other regions or countries should provide bank accounts that are opened in the Winners' places of residence and permanent addresses. The residence provided should not be within the following regions or countries: Central African Republic, Congo, Iran, Iraq, Lebanon, Libya, North Korea, South Sudan, Somalia, Sultan, Yemen, Albania, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Belarus, Burundi, Cote d'Ivoire, Crimea, Croatia, Cuba, Kosovo, Myanmar, Macedonia, Montenegro, Russia, Serbia, Syria, Venezuela, Zimbabwe, Afghanistan, Eritrea. It is recommended that Winners from the above-mentioned regions or countries provide bank accounts that are opened in places of residence where cross-border transfer services are available so as not to affect your bonus reception. The judging panel will pay the bonuses to the bank accounts that meet the above mentioned requirements which are opened in mainland China (excluding Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan) in RMB, and pay the bonuses to the bank accounts that meet the above mentioned requirements which are opened in Hong Kong, Macao, Taiwan and other regions and countries in U.S. Dollar. The bonuses listed in the competition are pretax. The amount of the bonuses available to the Winners will be after tax. The competition Promoters will pay the personal income tax for the Winners in accordance with the relevant tax regulations.

### II. Obligation of Confidentiality

The Participants agree to comply with the following provisions of confidentiality:
1. Scope of confidential information: all information disclosed or provided by the Promoters to the Participants, as well as the business secret received, obtained or exchanged by the Participants from the Promoters or their affiliates or partners for participating the Contest and other information that a third party does not know, including but not limited to:
    - (1) the operating data, transaction data, user’s information, technical information, algorithms, source codes, financial information, operating channels as well as plans, software, programs and manuals etc.;
    - (2) any data or information obtained by the Promoters and their affiliates from any third party, which the Promoters and their affiliates are obligated to keep confidential;
    - (3) Any other confidential or proprietary data or information;
    - (4) Any other data or information which is unknown to the person other than the Promoters and their affiliates or which is not publicly available;
    - (5) Any data and information not specified herein which are required to be kept confidential according to the principle of prudential use. 

    The Participants acknowledge that the above information is confidential information of the Promoters and their affiliates and partners, and is of important function and commercial value to the Promoters and their affiliates and partners, the disclosure or improper use of which will cause serious impact and economic loss. The Participants agree to keep the above information strictly confidential.
2. The confidential information does not include: 
    - (1) any information which becomes publicly available not through any violation of this agreement by the Participants; 
    - (2) any information which the Participants have held or known before receiving it from the Promoters and in respect of which the Participants assume no obligation of confidentiality.

3. The Promoters are not responsible for the correctness, completeness or reasonableness of the confidential information, and disclaim any express or implied representations or warranties in respect thereof. The Promoters are not legally responsible for use of the confidential information by the Promoters, and relevant legal liabilities shall be borne by the Participants.
4. The Participants undertake to use the above confidential information as required by the Promoters and the rules of use of confidential information within the specified area, platform and time limit. Without prior written consent of the Promoters, the Participants may not obtain or use the confidential information in any way contrary to the requirements of the Promoters. The Promoters may not imitate, reverse engineer, decompile or try to decode the source code of the confidential information, or disclose, distribute, sell or transfer any confidential information to any third party or use any confidential information for any commercial purpose.
5. The Participants shall consciously and actively protect the above confidential information and take all necessary measures of confidentiality.
6. Confidentiality period. The confidentiality obligation of the Participants in respect of the above confidential information shall start when the Promoters provide such information or when the Participants receive such information, and end when such information becomes public. The provisions of this Article II regarding confidentiality obligations shall survive the termination of this agreement.

### III. Intellectual Property Rights
1. Unless otherwise stated in the Dataset Download Agreement, the Promoters and their affiliates shall own all legal rights to the information provided by them during the Contest (including but not limited to pictures, videos, data and codes), and the Participants will not enjoy any right thereto. The Participants may not use, revise, copy, publicly distribute, publish or otherwise utilize such information without the consents of the Promoters or their affiliates.
2. Unless the Promoters and the Participants agree otherwise, the result independently developed by the Participants during the Contest (including but not limited to algorithm, source codes, data, design plans, and papers, hereinafter referred to as the “Results”) and the corresponding intellectual property rights therein shall be owned by the Participants, and the Participants agrees to grant the Promoters and/or its affiliates a global, permanent, unlimited and royalty-free right to use the above results (if any), including the right to further develop or use for commercial purpose etc. The new results and incomes obtained by the Promoter from using the above results of the Participants (if any) shall be owned by the Participants and/or its affiliates. No Participants may disclose publicly or use the results of the Promoters for commercial purpose without permission of the Promoters. In addition, if the pictures, videos and data etc. (the “Underlying Data”) generating such Results are provided by the Promoters and their affiliates, all rights to such Underlying Data will not be transferred because of the provision thereof. If the Participants use any Underlying Data the intellectual property rights or other legal rights to which are owned by the Promoters or their affiliates during the use of the Results, they shall pay royalty to the Promoters or their affiliates. The details of the payment shall be negotiated by the Promoters or their affiliates, and the Participants.
3. The Participants shall undertake that they will use the Underlying Data only to the extent of scientific research or academic teaching or other non-commercial purpose unless otherwise agreed, and the Participants will assume all responsibilities for the such use, and hold the Promoters and their affiliates harmless from any claims or litigations caused by any use of the Underlying Data.
4. The Participants agree to grant the Promoters and their affiliates the global, permanent, unlimited and royalty-free right to use the above Results, including but not limited to use such Results in the inclusion and promotion of Participants in the screening contest, the advertising and promotion of the Contest, the statistics and recommendations of talents, other matters relating to the Contest, as well as cooperation and research, further development and commercially related issues. For the avoidance of any doubt, the Promoters and their affiliates shall own full intellectual property rights to any new results generated from use of the above Results and the Participants agree not to claim any right or interest in the new results, including but not limited to the ownership as well as the right to hinder the implementation of any other rights based on the new results hereof.
5. If the promoters or their affiliates intend to acquire the Results (including algorithms, source codes, papers, data and design plans) which are developed independently by the Participants during the Contest and the intellectual property rights to which are fully owned by the Participants, the Participants agree that the Promoters and their affiliates have the right of first refusal on the same terms and conditions. The details thereof will be negotiated and agreed separately by the Participants and the Promoters or their affiliates.
6. The Participants shall warrant that the data and source code etc. provided or used during the Contest and the Results obtained from participating the Contest will not infringe any legitimate right or interest of any third party, or any laws or provisions. If any third party brings any claims or litigations against the Promoters and/or their affiliates based on such results, the Participants shall compensate all losses incurred by the Promoters and their affiliates, and the Promoters may immediately notify the Participants to terminate their capacity for the contest and to take other measures.
7. This Article III (Intellectual Property Rights) shall survive the termination of this agreement.

### IV. Breaching Liabilities
1. The party breaching this agreement shall compensate the other party for all losses incurred from the breach.
2. If any confidential information is used or disclosed without authorization, the Participants shall assist the Promoters in various ways to recover the confidential information, reduce the disclosure scope of the confidential information, and prevent the confidential information from further damage.
3. The Participants agree that any use or disclosure of the confidential information without authorization shall cause irreparable loss and material damage to the Promoters and their affiliates. In addition to the damages in law, the Promoters shall also have the right to apply for injunctions or appropriate remedies to the competent people’s court based on their reasonable judgment against any actual or threatened default of this agreement. The Participants shall be fully responsible to compensate all losses and damages that the Promoters and their affiliates may suffer in respect of the breach or the mandatory obligations, including but not limited to actual loss, the prospect interest and the attorney’s fee.
4. The Participants agree that the Promoters have the right to investigate at any time whether the Participants breach this agreement. If the Participants breach this agreement, the Promoters have the right to immediately terminate their qualification for the Contest. All losses and consequences thus caused shall be borne by the Participants.

### V. Other Provisions
1. This agreement will become effective when the Participants click the online sign-up button. The validity, interpretation, modification, performance and dispute resolution of this agreement shall be governed by the laws of the People’s Republic of China. In addition to this agreement, the Participants shall further comply with the User’s Agreement and the Dataset Download Agreement and other agreements when they use relevant service of this website.
2. Any dispute arising from or in connection with this Agreement shall be submitted to China International Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission (“CIETAC”) for arbitration in accordance with the arbitration rules in effect. Laws of the People’s Republic of China shall be applicable to the arbitration of disputes. The language shall be Chinese.
3. The Participant’s signing of this agreement shall be deemed consent to all rules and statements of the Contest (including the online and offline rules and statements).
4. The Participants agree that any delay in exercise of rights by the Promoters does not constitute waiver of such rights or other rights. Any single or partial exercise of any right shall not prevent the Promoters from further exercising the right or obtaining any remedy, or from otherwise exercising the right or obtaining any remedy.
5. If any provision hereof contradicts to current law, the provision will become void. The remaining provisions hereof shall not be affected.
6. This agreement shall be interpreted by the Promoters of the Contest.
7. This agreement is made in both Chinese and English. If there is any conflict between the Chinese version and English version, the Chinese version shall prevail. The English version shall be amended according to the Chinese Version.

## Dataset Download Agreement
---
You (hereinafter referred to as the "Researcher") are requesting promoters to authorize you to access, download, and use Dataset (hereinafter referred to as the “Dataset”). As the conditions for obtaining such right, you agree to abide by the terms and conditions below:

1. The Researcher agrees to use the Dataset only for the purposes of non-commercial scientific researches or academic teaching and will not use the Dataset for any commercial purposes;
2. We neither are entitled to the intellectual property right of the picture, audio, and textual contents used in the Dataset, nor make any warranty for the aforesaid contents, including without limitation to the warranty of no infringement of other’s intellectual property rights or the entitlement to use the aforesaid contents for any specific purpose;
3. We will not be responsible for any form of loss or damage caused by the use of the Dataset, nor will we assume any liability for any legal consequence arising from use of competition data;
4. Any legal liability in relation to the use of Dataset shall be borne by the Researcher. If the use of Dataset by the Researcher or his/her employees, agents, or branches causes us loss of reputation or economic losses, the Researcher shall be liable for compensation;
5. The Researcher may authorize his/her assistants, colleagues, or other partners to access and use the Dataset but shall ensure that the aforesaid persons have carefully read and agree to be bound by this Agreement;
6. Where the Researcher is employed by a profit-oriented business entity, the Researcher shall make sure that the Dataset is only for non-commercial purpose and his/her employer shall also be bound by this Agreement. The Researcher confirms that he/she has been fully authorized by the employer before entering into this Agreement;
7. We have the right to cancel or withdraw at any time the authorization granted to the Researcher for the use of Dataset and have the right to request the Researcher to delete the Dataset;
8. Any dispute arising from or in connection with this Agreement shall be submitted to China International Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission ("CIETAC") for arbitration in accordance with the arbitration rules in effect. Laws of the People’s Republic of China shall be applicable to the arbitration of disputes. The language shall be Chinese.
9. This Agreement is written in both Chinese and English, and in case of discrepancy between the two versions, the Chinese version shall prevail.

## Privacy Policy
---
This Privacy Policy (hereinafter referred to as this “Policy”) sets forth how we will process your personal information and privacy data and states our undertaking to privacy protection. We may issue supplemental policies according to the data processing scenarios in the future. Please read, understand, and agree to this Policy and any supplemental policies before you submit your personal information or privacy data to us.
1. Personal Data That We Collect

    Personal data refer to the information that can be used to identify an individual when used alone or in combination with other information. Such data will be collected when you are registering for and using the services rendered by the Website. We will collect and use your personal data only for the purposes as described in this Policy. To be specific, such data include:
    - (1) Related personal information that you provide to us when you register an account or use our services, such as name, gender, date of birth, personal photo, ID number or passport number, address, telephone number, e-mail address, social media account, identity authentication information, location information, etc.;
    - (2) Shared information that you provide for other parties through our services and the information you save when you use our services;
    - (3) Your information shared by other parties and the shared information about you that other parties provide when using our services;
    - (4) Log information, which refers to the technological information automatically collected by the system via Cookies, Web Beacon, or other means when you use our services.
2. How We Use Your Personal Data 

    We will use your personal data for the following purposes:
    - (1) Providing you with personalized services;
    - (2) Contacting you and recommending job opportunities;
    - (3) Contacting you or the company you found and providing you with investment opportunities or recommending proper institutional investors to you;
    - (4) Sending you the information of products and services that are of interest to you; inviting you to our campaigns and market surveys; or sending you marketing information; If you do not want to receive such information, you may unsubscribe at any time;
    - (5) Carrying out internal audit and data analysis and research for improvement of our products, services, and communication between/among users.
3. How We Use Cookies and Like Technologies
    - 3.1 Cookies

    In order to ensure normal operation of the Website, we sometimes will save small data files named Cookies on computers or mobile devices. Cookies are a type of plain text files that network servers save on computers or mobile devices. The contents of Cookies can only be retrieved or read by servers creating such Cookies. Each Cookie is unique to your web browser or mobile applications. Cookies generally contain identifiers, site names, and some numbers and characters. With the help of Cookies, websites are able to save user preference data and other data.
    Most large websites or internet service providers use Cookies to improve user experience. With the help of Cookies, websites are able to remember single visit (use of session Cookies) or multiple visits (use of permanent Cookies) of users. Cookies enable websites to save the settings, for example, languages and font size of the computers or mobile devices and other browsing preference. This means that users do not need to reconfigure their preference settings at each visit. If some website does not use Cookies, it will treat users as new visitors each time they open the webpage. For instance, if you are transferred to another webpage when you log onto some website, this website will not identify you and you will be logged out again.
    We will not use Cookies for any purposes other than those described in this Policy. You may manage or delete Cookies according to your preference. See AboutCookies.org for more details. You may clear all Cookies saved on your computer. Most web browsers have the function of blocking Cookies. If you do so, however, you will need to personally change user settings each time you visit our Website.
    - 3.2 Website beacons and pixel tags

    In addition to Cookies, we will utilize website beacons and pixel tags and other like technologies on the Website. For example, the e-mails that we send to you may contain URL links to the contents of our Website. If you click this link, we will track this click, which helps us understand your product and service preferences and improve our customer service. Website beacon generally is a type of transparent graphic image that is placed on a website or in an e-mail. Pixel tags in e-mails enable us to know whether the e-mails are opened or not. If you would like that your activities will not be tracked in this way, you can unsubscribe from our e-mails at any time.
    - 3.3 Do Not Track

    Many web browsers have Do Not Track function, which may send Do Not Track requests to websites. So far, major internet standard organizations have not made policies to regulate websites’ response to such requests. If your browser enables Do No Track function, all of our sites will respect your choice.
4. How We Disclose Your Personal Data

    We will not disclose your personal data to a third party. You have agreed that we would disclose your personal data, however, under the following circumstances:
    - (1) Disclosure with express consent: we will share your personal data with other parties after obtaining your express consent. For example, we will provide your competition scores, achievements, means of contact, and other related information to game organizers and recommend job opportunities to you.
    - (2) Disclosure to our affiliates: we may share your personal data with our affiliates within the scope of intended use stated in this Policy. It is our policy to disclose necessary data only.
    - (3) Disclosure to authorized partners (hereinafter referred to as the “Partners”): we may share some of your personal data with Partners to provide better customer service and user experience. For example, when we send you a prize (if any), we have to share your personal data with logistic service providers to make arrangement for the delivery or to arrange the Partners to provide such service. We will process your personal data only for specific, explicit, and legal purposes and will disclose the data necessary for providing services only. Our affiliates or Partners have no right to use the shared personal data for any other purposes.
    - (4) Disclosure based on legal or reasonable foundation: we may disclose your personal data upon the requirement of laws, legal procedures, litigations, or competent public institutions and government departments. In some jurisdictions, where we are involved in reorganization, merger or bankruptcy, or liquidation lawsuits, your personal data may be disclosed to the trading parties. We may disclose your data where there are reasonable requirements, for example, for execution of terms and conditions and protection of customers.
5. How We Protect Your Personal Data

    We value personal data security. We adopt standard industry practice to protect your personal data against unauthorized access, disclosure, use, modification, damage, or loss. We will take all reasonable and practical measures to protect your personal data. For example, we will use encryption techniques to ensure confidentiality of the data; we will use trusted protection mechanism to protect the data against malicious attacks; we will deploy an access control mechanism to make sure that only authorized personnel will access the personal data; and we will offer training courses on security and privacy protection to enhance employees’ awareness of the importance of personal data protection.
    We will take all reasonable and practical measures to ensure that no irrelevant personal data will be collected. We will retain your personal data within such period as required for the purposes stated in this Policy, unless the retention period needs to be extended or such extension is permitted by laws. We will do our best to protect your personal data, but we would like to call it to your attention that no security measure can be flawless.
6. Children

    Our products, Website, and services are directed to adults. Children shall not create their own users’ accounts without the prior consent of their parents or guardians. In the case of collecting of children’s personal data with the parental consent, we will only use or disclose such data under the circumstances allowed by laws, expressly consented by their parents or guardians, or required for their protection. Despite the differences of local laws and customs in definition of children, we will treat any person under the age of 13 as a child.
    If we find that we collect personal data of children without prior verifiable parental consent, we will try to delete relevant data as soon as possible.
7. How to Access or Modify Your Personal Data

    In accordance with our terms and conditions, you can manage your personal data, such as your account information, at any time. You shall make sure that all personal data submitted are accurate and correct. We will make all endeavors to maintain the accuracy and integrity of personal data and timely update such data.
    You have the right to access your personal data, except for the exceptions provided in applicable laws. Where there is any difference in privacy laws and information laws of some jurisdictions, we will observe these laws. If you intend to exercise your right to data access, please e-mail us @ hi@challenger.ai. In order to ensure data security, you may need to submit your request in writing.
    You also have the right to delete or modify any of your personal information that we have saved. We will delete or modify such information upon your request. If you have such request, please e-mail us @ hi@challenger.ai. If we have justifiable basis to believe that such requests are fraudulent or impractical or if there is no provision on access right in local laws, such requests will be rejected.
8. Third-party Providers and Their Services

    In order to ensure smooth browsing experience, you may receive contents or web links provided by third parties outside of us and our Partners (hereinafter referred to as the “Third Parties”). We have no control over such Third Parties. You may choose to visit the links, contents, products, and services provided by the Third Parties or not.
    It is impossible for us to control the privacy and data protection policies of the Third Parties and such Third Parties are not bound by this Policy. Please read the privacy protection policies of these Third Parties before you submit your personal information to such Third Parties.
9. Cross-border Transfer of Personal Data

    We provide services to our clients all over the world through our servers set in the People’s Republic of China (hereinafter referred to as “China”). This means that your personal data may be transferred to China from the country/region where you use the products or services (hereinafter referred to as the “Region of Your Location”) or have visits from China. In such circumstances, we will ensure protection of your personal data in accordance with laws and regulations of China. Where the laws and regulations of the Region of Your Location have special provisions on cross-border transfer of personal data, please make sure that the data that you provide to us conform to the requirements and conditions of applicable rules.
10. How We Update This Policy

    We reserve the right to update or amend this Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any change to this Policy via different channels. In the case of any change to the Privacy Policy, we will publish the latest version on our Website. We will also give you separate notices (such as electronic notices) to remind you of any change to the Privacy Policy. If you disagree with the amended Privacy Policy, you shall immediately discontinue using the services of the Website.
11. Language

    This Policy is written in both Chinese and English, and in case of discrepancy between the two versions, the Chinese version shall prevail.


## Statement of Copyright
---
To regulate the use of the data resources of the SCUAI Challenge contest, we hereby state as follows:

The participants shall understand that the promoters of the contest, do not own the copyrights in the pictures, videos, audios and other works involved in the contest data. The copyrights shall be owned by the legal owners of such works. If any third party’s copyright is infringed, the third party should contact us to correct or adjust in a timely manner.

Where the participants use the above data in participating the SCUAI Challenge contest for study, scientific research or other nonprofit purpose, subject to consent to and complying with the Dataset Download Agreement, they may download relevant data through the website challenger.ai.

No participant may download the data until he/she signs up the website. If a participant fails to attend the contest after downloading any data through the website challenger.ai, he/she shall immediately delete all data thus downloaded upon the request of the promoters of the contest.

No entity or individual obtaining data resources from the contest may use such data for any commercial purpose. Otherwise, the entity or individual shall be liable to relevant right holders directly. The promoters of the contest do not warrant that the data provided for download are accurate, safe and complete, and will not assume any forms of loss or damage resulting from downloading such data or be liable for any legal consequence arising from use of the contest data.

This statement is written in both Chinese and English, and in case of discrepancy between the two versions, the Chinese version shall prevail.


## User Registration Agreement
---
**Before using the service of the challenger.ai (the “Website”), you should carefully read and comply with all contents of this agreement. You need to prudentially read and fully understand the provisions hereof, especially those marked in bold and underlined, including but not limited to those provisions exempting or restricting the liabilities of this Website, restricting the user’s rights, and regarding confidential information, dispute resolution or applicable law**.If you have any question about the provisions hereof, please inquire through the communication information published officially by the Website. Relevant personnel will explain the provisions to you. If you disagree with any content hereof, or cannot accurately understand any explanation of the Website on any provision, please stop any subsequent operation. Otherwise, it will be deemed that you have accepted the following terms and conditions, and are willing to be bound by this agreement. Then you shall not assert that this agreement is void or claim for avoidance of this agreement for your failure to read this agreement or to receive reply from the Website to your inquiry.

1. Background
    - 1.1 This Website is a public dataset and contest brand facing the global researchers of AI with the aim to benefit the academic research.
    - 1.2 This agreement is formulated to regulate the activities of the users of the Website (“Users”, “User” or “You”) carried out via this Website, including but not limited to participating SCUAI Contest and downloading dataset etc. (collectively, “Website Services”), specify rights and obligations of Users, build a standard, orderly and safe website environment, and protect the legitimate right and interest of Users.
2. The Parties
    - 2.1 This agreement shall be entered into by and between promoters(collectively referred as “We” or “us” or “Ours”) and Users.

3. Effectiveness
    - 3.1 When you confirm the completion of registration by clicking on the webpage, it will be deemed that you have agreed to and accepted all contents hereof.
    - 3.2 The contents of this agreement are composed of the mainbody of this agreement and various rules, notices and announcements etc. published or to be published by the Website (collectively, “Rules”). The Rules are an integral part of this agreement, and have the same legal force as the mainbody of this agreement. The Website has the right to formulate and amend this agreement and/or the Rules from time to time based on its need. If there is any change, the Website will inform you by website announcement, system notice or other reasonable means. The amended agreement and Rules will become effective immediately after they are published, and become a part of this Agreement. If you disagree with any change, you need to stop immediately using the Website Services. If you continue to use the Website Services, it will be deemed that you have agreed to and are willing to follow the amended agreement and Rules.

4. User’s Account
    - 4.1 Unless We agree in writing in advance, Users using the Website Services shall meet the following conditions:
        - (1) Each User owns usable account of the Website;
        - (2) In case that We raise any additional requirements for Users to use part of service, the Users shall use such part of service only after they meet such additional requirements.
    - 4.2 If any third party imposes any restrictions on User’s use of the Website Services or relevant features of the service, the Users shall comply with such restrictions. Thus, Users need to prudentially decide based on their own judgement whether use of relevant service and features may infringe any third party’s right or constitute a breach of agreement against any third party. The Users shall assume corresponding consequences and liabilities by themselves.
    - 4.3 The account opened by the Users shall only be used for participating the contest or for research. No User may register more than two accounts, and one account may not be used by more than two Users. Users may not transfer, lease out or lend their accounts to any third party. Users shall carefully keep their login names and passwords, and shall assume all liabilities for all activities conducted by using the accounts and passwords. If any account is visited or used without authorization or has other security issue, the Users shall notify the Website immediately. You agree and acknowledge that the Website will not be responsible for any loss or damage arising directly or indirectly from the above circumstances, unless the account is stolen due to the fault of the Website.
    - 4.4 In order to ensure provision of Website Services, upon the request of the Website, Users should fill in their identity information, and provide certificates and/or qualifications or licenses etc. The Users understand and acknowledge that the Website will only verify the information filled in and the certificates and/or qualification and licenses provided according to the standard of an ordinary or non-professional person, and that the verification does not represent that the Website is obligated or has the professional capability to confirm that User’s use of the Website Services will not infringe any third party’s right or will not constitute a breach of agreement against any third party. Moreover, the Website reserves the right to randomly inspect and request the Users to supplement and promptly update their information and qualifications. Users shall be solely and independently responsible for the authenticity, lawfulness, validity and completeness of the information, certificates and/or qualifications and licenses. If the Website identifies that any information, certificate or data of any User is falsified, incomplete or invalid, it has the right to immediately terminate this agreement and impose penalty on the User according to the Rules.
    - 4.5 The Website has the right to randomly inspect the Users and their identity information and qualification information etc., and, if any problem is identified or any reasonable doubt exists, the Website has the right to send a notice to the User for inquiry or correctness, to directly cancel the User’s qualification for contest, to cancel the authorization of use of dataset or to take other measures.

5. Content of Service
    - 5.1 Unless this agreement provides otherwise, the service provided by the Website to Users includes but is not limited to the following:
        - (1) SCUAI Contest (“Contest”)
            - (a) providing the participants of the Contest with dataset for the Contest;
            - (b) based on the Contest schedule and the specific situation of the Users, approving or rejecting the application of the Users for authorization of the dataset. After the Users receive the authorization, the Users may download and use the dataset via the Website or other authorized platform to participate the Contest, provided that they comply with the rules of dataset use formulated by the Website and/or other authorized platforms;
            - (c) providing Contest ambient and relevant technical support, and grading the final contest result;
            - (d) Other services related to the Contest.
        - (2) Dataset
            - (a) providing Users with dataset downloadable for academic research;
            - (b) approving or rejecting the application by Users for authorization of using dataset. After receiving the authorization, the Users may download and use the dataset via the Website or other authorized platform for scientific research, provided that they comply with the dataset use rules formulated by the Website and/or other authorized platforms;
            - (c) Other services related to dataset.
        - (3) Community
            - (a) providing Users with publishing service of text, graphics and source codes and communicating service;
            - (b) Other services relating to the community.
    - 5.2 Users agree that the Website reserves the right to add, delete, revise, upgrade, transfer, suspend, or terminate any service, dataset content, feature of the Website from time to time, and to suspend any service because of any regular or irregular maintenance and/or adjustment of laws, regulations and policies. Moreover, the Website further reserves the right to develop new service, mode, feature or services in other languages. Unless this agreement states otherwise, the provision of the above mentioned modified service, mode or feature shall be governed by this agreement. If the Website intends to make the above adjustment, it will announce through the webpage of relevant platform within a reasonable period, without notifying you separately. The adjusted contents will become effective once they are online. If you do not agree to the above adjustment, you should stop using the Website Services immediately. If you continue to use such service, it will be deemed that you have no objection to and agree to follow the adjusted contents.

6. Standards for Use of Service
    - 6.1 Unless this agreement provides otherwise, Users may only use the Website Services through login by account (login name + password). The Website will identify Users solely by their login accounts.
    - 6.2 Users represent and warrant that they will comply with the following requirements when using the Website. Users further represent and warrant that if the Website has any additional requirements on the use of part of service to the Users, Users may use the part of service only when or after they meet the above requirements:
        - (1) not to imitate, revise, translate, adapt, lend, sell, sublicense, disseminate on information network, or transfer any Website Services, or reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, dismount or otherwise attempt to find any source code of the Website Services;
        - (2) not to send, upload or store any computer codes, files, scripts and programs containing virus, worm, Trojan virus or other harmful content;
        - (3) not to distribute any unwelcome or unsolicited email, electronic advertisement or any content containing reactionary or pornographic information by using the service provided by the Website;
        - (4) not to upload, download, store or publish any information or content that violates laws or regulations, infringes other’s rights, or is obscene, pornographic, immoral, fraud, libelous, illegally threatening or harassing, or provide convenience for others to publish such information (including but not limited to setting URL and BANNER linkage etc.);
        - (5) not to establish or use relevant device or configuration to run any program or process that is irrelevant to the Website Services, or intentionally write malicious code to massively occupy the server memory of the Website, CUP or other network bandwidth resources, or bring heavy load to the network, server (including but not limited to local, nonlocal or international network or server), product or application of the Website or other Users of the Website, so as to affect the smooth contact between the Website and the international internet, or the Website and any specific network or server, or within the Website, or cause unavailability for access;
        - (6) not to commit any act damaging or attempting to damage network security, including but not limited to phishing, hacking, internet fraud, or containing or suspected distribution of virus, Trojan virus or malicious code in or by any website or space, and suspected attack other website or server through virtual server;
        - (7) not to change or attempt to change any system configuration provided by the Website, or to undermine the system security;
        - (8) in the case that the Website Services involves any license of any third party’s data or software, the Users agree to be bound by relevant license agreement;
        - (9) Not to infringe any legitimate right or interest of us and/or its affiliates or any third parties, or commit other acts violating laws or regulations or inappropriate.
    - 6.3 When using the Website Services, if the uploading, storage or publishing of or connection to any algorithm, model or data (Collectively, “Connection”) is involved, the Users represent and warrant to comply with the following requirements:
        - (1) The algorithm, model and data connected to the Website are of lawful source and do not infringe third party’s legitimate right or interest (including but not limited to the right of privacy and intellectual property right). If necessary, the Users shall obtain relevant license or approval, and comply with the requirements of laws and regulations published or updated from time to time. Users shall timely provide relevant certificates, agreements, qualifications or licenses when the Website requests. Users understand and acknowledge the Website only verifies the form of the certificates, agreements, qualifications or licenses provide by the Users, and the verification does not represent that the Website is obligated or able to confirm that Users’ use or disclosure of the algorithm, model or data is lawful. Users shall ensure lawful use or disclosure, and assume any liabilities or consequences that may arise therefrom. 
        - (2) The algorithm, model or data connected to the Website shall be safe, stable and efficient, free of any virus, worm, Trojan virus or other harmful computer code, file, script or program, or any malicious software feature published by the Internet Society of China, and will not cause any damage to relevant system of us and/or its affiliates, or to any data of us and/or its affiliates or other third party; 
        - (3) not to attack or steal or acquire any data of the Website by improper means; 
        - (4) When this agreement is rescinded, terminated or avoided in advance for any reason, if Users intend to delete the connected algorithm, model or data, they shall operate by themselves via the features in the Website Services. If Users need any assistance of the Website in such deletion, they shall give written notice to the Website in advance; 
        - (5) If any judicial authority, administrative agency or any third party claims that the algorithm, model or data provided by Users is suspected of infringing other’s right, and thus notifies the Website to delete the algorithm, model or data connected by the Users in part or in whole, the Website has the right to delete according to the requirements of such judicial authority, administrative agency or third party, without any notice or liability for breach of agreement. 
    - 6.4 The Website does not have the backup function. Users understand and agree that they, rather than the Website, are obligated and liable to data backup and storage, and that the Website is not liable for any backup or storage of User’s data or any consequence thereof. Users agree and understand that unless this agreement provides otherwise, after the Contest they participate ends, the Website will erase all algorithms, models and data generated or used by Users during the Contest.
    - 6.5 Users should carefully read the specific rules (including the specific rules published on the Website for each Contest), relevant operating guidelines, and specifications published by the Website in respect of each service, and operate according to relevant operating guidelines.
    - 6.6 Users agree to receive emails and message sent from us and/or its affiliates.

7. Intellectual Property Rights
    - 7.1 The intellectual property rights of all contents at the Website, including but not limited to data, pictures, files, information, documents, website structure, arrangement of website picture, and webpage design, are owned by us and/or relevant third party right holders, including trademark, patent, copyright and other right of use. No person may use, revise, copy, publicly distribute or publish the above contents without written consent of Us and/or relevant third party right holders.
    - 7.2 No User may use, publish or copy the name, trademark or logo of us for marketing, advertising, promotion or other purpose without prior written consent of us, including the promoters and AI Challenger.
    - 7.3 Users may use the dataset provided by the Website only for non-commercial research purpose, and shall assume liabilities by themselves for use of the dataset, and hold We and/or its affiliates harmless from any claim or litigation resulting from such use.
    - 7.4 Users agree that all rights to the operating data (including but not limited to User’s login information, operating record, and the confidential information specified in Article 9 hereof and other data) are owned by us and/or any third party authorizing the use. Users agrees not to use such data in other forms or for other purposes than those specified herein without prior written consents of us and/or the above right holder.
    - 7.5 Users shall guarantee that the results they obtain from participating the Contest or their research do not infringe any third party’s legitimate right or interest. If any third party files any claim, litigation or threatened litigation against us and/or its affiliate based on the above results, Users shall bear all liabilities and losses incurred by us and/or its affiliates therefrom, including but not limited to the damages and settlement costs, litigation costs and attorney’s fee etc. We may immediately notify the Users to terminate this agreement.
    - 7.6 Unless the Contest rules or this agreement provides otherwise, the intellectual property rights to the results independently developed and achieved by any User during the Contest (including but not limited to algorithm, data, and design plan etc.) shall be owned by the User, and the User agrees to grant us and/or its affiliates a global, permanent, unlimited and royalty-free right to use the above results (if any), including the right to further develop or use for commercial purpose etc. The new results and incomes obtained by us from using the above results of Users (if any) shall be owned by us and/or its affiliates.
    - 7.7 The liabilities and obligations of Users under Article 7 hereof shall survive the termination of this agreement, and continue to have fully binding force thereafter.

8. Personal Information and Privacy Protection
    - 8.1 When providing service via the Website, We may collect, store and use the User’s information below. Users failing to provide relevant information may be unable to complete registration or enjoy part of service provided by the Website.
    - 8.2 When Users use the Website Services, We may collect the following personal information:
        - (1) Relevant information provided to the Website by Users when registering accounts or using the Website Services, such as emails, social media accounts, telephone numbers or ID verification information;
        - (2) Personal information provided to other parties through the Website Services, and the information stored when Users use the Website Services;
        - (3) User’s information shared by other parties, and any shared information of Users provided by other parties when using the Website Services;
        - (4) Log information which means the information automatically gathered by system through cookies or other ways when Users use the Website Services, including but not limited to IP address, and any information (metadata) contained in the content shared by Users through the Website Services.
    - 8.3 We will use the collected personal information only for providing services. The Website will not make publicly available or provide to any third party any personal information of Users, except for the following:
        - (1) the information Users agree to disclose or provide;
        - (2) the information Users agree to disclose or provide according to the rules of Contest when willingly participating in the Contest held by the Website;
        - (3) the information We are required to disclose or provide according to the agreement entered into between Users and any third party;
        - (4) Other information as required by laws, regulations or national authorities to disclose or provide.

9. Confidentiality
    - 9.1 Confidential information includes the information disclosed or provided by the Website after registration of Users, and the business secret and other information not known by any third party relating to the business of us and its affiliates which are obtained, known or exchanged by Users for the Contest, scientific research and confidence relationship from the Website, including but not limited to:
        - (1) Operating data, transaction data, User’s information (such as User’s ID, list of Users and User’s relationship), technical information, financial information, operating channel and plans, software, program and manual of us and its affiliates;
        - (2) Any information obtained by us and its affiliates from any third party, in respect of which We and its affiliates shall assume the obligation of confidentiality;
        - (3) The dataset or other underlying information disclosed or provided by the Website to its registered Users;
        - (4) Any other confidential or proprietary information, as well as any information unknown to us and its affiliates and not publicly available.
    - 9.2 Both parties acknowledge that the above information is confidential information (“Confidential Information”), such information is of important significance and business value to We and our affiliates, and any disclosure or improper use of such information will cause serious impact and economic loss. Users agree to keep the above information strictly confidential. If Users cannot identify whether certain information is confidential, they shall also protect such information as Confidential Information.
    - 9.3 Use and Protection of Confidential Information
        - (1) User shall use the Confidential Information in the specified area and circumstance according to the requirements of the service item of the Website, and may not acquire or use Confidential Information in violation of the requirements of the Website, or imitate. Users may not reverse engineer, decompile or attempt to decode source codes and potential information, or disclose, transmit, sell or transfer any Confidential Information to any third party in whatever forms, or use Confidential Information for business or for obtaining commercial benefit. If the Website has additional requirements on part of service used by Users (or other services provided by other data platform involved in the Website Services), Users shall comply with the above requirements or use such service only after meeting the above requirements;
        - (2) Users are strictly prohibited from using Confidential Information for any purpose other than those specified herein;
        - (3) Users shall protect the Confidential Information and take all necessary confidential measures.
    - 9.4 The Website is not responsible for the authentication, fitness, completeness, and reasonableness of the Confidential Information, and disclaims any express or implied representation or warranty relating thereto. The Website is not required to assume any liability for any use by Users of the Confidential Information.
    - 9.5 The confidentiality obligation assumed by Users for the Confidential Information shall start when this agreement becomes effective and end when We or our affiliates or any third party publicly discloses the Confidential Information, and shall survive the termination of this agreement.
10. Liabilities for Breach of Agreement
    - 10.1 Unless both parties agree otherwise, if any User breaches any obligation, covenant or warranty in this agreement or any specific service rules, We have the right to take in its sole discretion one or several of the following measures, based on the breach situation and especially the actual loss caused to the Website, us, other Users or relevant third party:
        - (1) to delete any algorithm, model or data;
        - (2) to request the User to replace or change relevant content;
        - (3) to restrict or suspend the User from using the Website Services (including but not limited to directly restrict or suspend provision of part of services and recover relevant resources, and restrict operation on its account, and the specific measures and handling method will be subject to notice of us);
        - (4) to terminate the User’s use of the Website Services or terminate this agreement;
        - (5) to seek the User’s legal liability;
        - (6) Other measures the Website deems appropriate.
    - 10.2 If We identify any abnormal use of any User’s account, including but not limited to frequent login or frequent login by changing IP address within a short time, We have the right to protect the security of the account and the Website, and use its sole discretion to take restrictive measures such as suspense of use. During the suspense, the User may submit written explanation to us, and provide relevant evidence. We will verify the explanation and evidence according to the knowledge standard of ordinary or non-professional person, and decide to recover the use, continue the suspense or otherwise handle the issue according to the preceding clause.
    - 10.3 If any User illegally connects, publishes and/or uses relevant algorithm, model or data in violation of laws, regulations or this agreement, or plagiarizes or steals other’s result, or steals other’s ID information to participate the Contest, or any acts of any User may infringe other’s privacy, business secret or other User’s right or interest, We have the right to directly terminate this agreement or the Website Services, and requests the User to immediately delete or directly deletes relevant algorithm, model or data. The User shall assume all liabilities in its own name, and compensate for all losses suffered by the Website, us, other Users or any other third party.
    - 10.4 The Website has the right to delete or take other restrictive measures on any information published by Users at the Website which is suspected of violating laws, infringing any third party’s legitimate right or interest, contradicting public order or social morality or which the Website deems improper, without prior notice to Users.
    - 10.5 If the Website or We suffer any loss, is subject to any claim by other User or any third party, or is imposed of any penalty by any administrative agency for any User violates laws, regulations, this agreement or relevant rules, the User shall fully compensate for the actual loss of the Website, us, other User or relevant third party, including reasonable attorney’s fee.
    - 10.6 Users understand and agree that the Website has the right to make unilateral decision on the User’s act according to the knowledge standards of ordinary or non-professional persons, and handle such act based on the decision according to this agreement and the rules of the Website, without obtaining consent from or give prior notice to the Users. The Website’s handling of relevant Users according to relevant rules will not relieve such User’s other legal liabilities.
    - 10.7 If any User uses or discloses any Confidential Information in violation of this agreement, the User shall assist in various forms the Website or us and or our affiliates to recover the Confidential Information, and protect the information from further infringement. Users agree that any authorized use or disclosure of Confidential Information will cause irreparable loss and serious damage to us and/or our affiliates. In addition to the damages in law, We and/or our affiliates further have the right to apply for injunctions or appropriate remedies to the competent arbitration institution specified herein based on their reasonable judgment against any actual or threatened default of this agreement. Users shall be fully responsible to compensate all losses and damages us and/or our affiliates may suffer from the breach, including but not limited to the attorney’s fee. The Website has the right to terminate this agreement upon notifying the Users.

11. Exemption of Liabilities
    - 11.1 Users agree to independently assume all risks and consequences with respect to uploading, development, operation, management, storage and maintenance of algorithm, model, data or design plan. We are not responsible for any inaccurate or incorrect contents uploaded, operated or published at the Website, regardless whether such inaccuracy is caused by Users or by any device or program used by or connected with relevant algorithm, model or design plan.
    - 11.2 The Website will use its best efforts to provide corresponding security measures based on the existing technology to maintain safe and normal operation of services. However, since computer virus, internet communication failure or system maintenance or other factors may exist, Users may operate improperly or use services in any way unauthorized by the Website, or force majeure event may occur, the Website hereby disclaims any express or implied warranty in respect of the services, including but not limited to the continuance, accuracy, reliability or fitness for certain purpose etc. The Website will not be liable for any damages caused by any of the above circumstances, including but not limited to loss of profit, reputation, use or data, or other intangible loss, regardless whether it has been informed of possibility of such losses.
    - 11.3 In no event will We be liable for any indirect, consequential, exemplary, accidental, special or punitive damages, including any loss of reputation or profit incurred by Users from using the Website Services, even though it has been informed of possibility of such damages and losses.
    - 11.4 Users agree that any failure or omission of the Website in exercising any right and/or any remedy available under this agreement or law does not represent waiver of such right or remedy or waiver of other right or remedy. Any single or partial exercise of any right and/or any remedy available under this agreement or law does not prevent further exercising such right or remedy, or from exercising other right or remedy.

12. Termination and Assignment
    - 12.1 This agreement will terminate in any of the following circumstances:
        - (1) Rescission by notice: We may give written notice to terminate this agreement 15 days in advance without assuming any liability for breach of agreement;
        - (2) Right of rescission: We have the right to immediately terminate this agreement and impose penalty on Users according to relevant rules if any of the following circumstances occurs:
            - (a) Users breach any covenant or warranty in this agreement, including but not limited to any stipulation under this agreement;
            - (b) Users breach relevant provisions of any covenants, warranties, rules or representations to be complied with because of participating in the Contest.
            - (3) Where We terminate this agreement early for any User breaches laws, regulations or this agreement, if the User logs in the Website directly, indirectly or in other’s name after the termination, We have the right to unilaterally terminate provision of services to the User/its account.
            - (4) Where We contact any User through the information provided by the User and finds that the contact information filled in when the User logs in no longer exists or cannot receive information, it has the right to terminate provision of services to such User if the User fails to provide new valid contact information within 3 working days after We notified by other means (if available) the User to change its contact information.
            - (5) Other conditions for terminating this agreement occur or are met, and this agreement is thus terminated.
    - 12.2 Consequence of Termination
        - (1) After termination of services, We are not obligated to keep any information in or relating to the User’s account, or forward any unread or unsent information to Users or any third party. We will not assume any liability to any User or third party for termination of services. Users shall solely assume any damages or liabilities incurred by them from any of their act performed before termination of services.
        - (2) Where the services between us and Users terminate for any reason or in any way, We have the right to request Users to immediately delete the algorithm, model and data connected to the Website during their logging in the Website, or the algorithm, model and data generated from the Website and owned by the Users. The Website has the right to take measures to directly delete such algorithm, model and data without notice.
    - 12.3 We have the right to transfer all right and obligations hereunder to its affiliate, without first obtaining consent of Users. In that case, We will announce the transfer to Users through webpage.

13. Notice and Service
    - 13.1 We may send notice to Users by email, SMS or website notice to any of the contact information provided when registrating. Such notices shall be deemed served to the recipients when they are sent out.
    - 13.2 The notices sent by Users to us shall be delivered to the correspondence address, email or other contact information officially published by us.

14. Applicable Law and Jurisdiction
    - 14.1 The validity, interpretation, modification, enforcement and dispute resolution of this agreement shall be governed by the laws of the People’s Republic of China.
    - 14.2 Any dispute arising from or in connection with this Agreement shall be submitted to China International Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission (“CIETAC”) for arbitration in accordance with the arbitration rules in effect. Laws of the People’s Republic of China shall be applicable to the arbitration of disputes. The language shall be Chinese.
    - 14.3 If any provision hereof is decided invalid or unenforceable, such provision may be severed from this agreement. The remaining provisions shall remain legally valid. The headings hereof are for convenience only, and shall not be used to define, restrict, interpret or, describe the scope or boundary of, any provisions hereof.
    - 14.4 This agreement is made in both Chinese and English. If there is any conflict between the Chinese version and English version, the Chinese version shall prevail. The English version shall be amended according to the Chinese Version.